Charging the battery
Charge the battery before using it for the first time or when it has been unused for extended periods.
Wired charging
Connect the USB cable to the USB power adaptor and plug the cable into the device’s multipurpose jack to charge the battery. 
After fully charging, disconnect the charger from the device.
Wireless charging
The device has a built-in wireless charging coil. 
You can charge the battery using a wireless charger (sold separately).
Fold the device before charging the battery. 
Place the centre of the device’s back on the centre of the wireless charger to charge the battery. 
After fully charging, disconnect the device from the wireless charger.
The estimated charging time will appear on the notification panel. 
The actual charging time assumes that the device is not in use, and it may vary depending on the charging conditions. 
Wireless charging may not work smoothly depending on the type of accessory or cover. 
For stable wireless charging, it is recommended to separate the cover or accessory from the device.
Precautions for wireless charging
If you do not follow the precautions below, the device may not charge properly or may overheat, or the device and any cards may be damaged.
Do not place the device on the wireless charger with a credit card or radio-frequency identification (RFID) card (such as a transportation card or a key card) placed between the back of the device and the device cover.
Do not place the device on the wireless charger when conductive materials, such as metal objects and magnets, are placed between the device and the wireless charger.
If you use the wireless charger in areas with weak network signals, you may lose network reception.
Use Samsung-approved wireless chargers. 
If you use other wireless chargers, the battery may not charge properly.
If you use a wireless charge stand, your device may not be securely mounted or may not charge properly. 
It is recommended to use a wireless charge pad.
Quick charging
Launch the Settings app, tap Battery and device care → Battery → More battery settings, and then activate the feature you want.
Fast charging: To use the fast charging feature, use a battery charger that supports 
Adaptive fast charging.
Fast wireless charging: To use this feature, use a charger and components that support the fast wireless charging feature.
You can charge the battery more quickly while the device or its screen is turned off.
If the wireless charger has an internal fan, the fan may produce noise during fast wireless charging. 
Add a routine to set the fast wireless charging feature to turn off automatically at the preset time using Routines. 
When the fast wireless charging feature turns off, the charger’s fan noise and the indicator light will be reduced.
Wireless power sharing
You can charge another device with your device’s battery. 
You can still charge another device even while charging your device. 
Depending on the type of accessories or cover being used, the Wireless power sharing feature may not work properly. 
It is recommended to remove any accessories and cover being used before using this feature.
Open the notification panel, swipe downwards, and then tap (Wireless power sharing) to activate it. 
If you cannot find (Wireless power sharing) on the quick panel, tap and drag the button over to add it.
Fold the device.
Place the other device on the centre of your device, with their backs facing.